Harrow & Fenn Solicitors
18 Bishopsgate Row, Leeds LS1 4TQ

Our reference: HF/2026/5803
13 April 2026

Private and confidential

Mrs Lydia Frankland
51 Talbot Road, Leeds LS8 1LZ

Dear Mrs Frankland,

Re: Divorce and financial settlement

Why we are writing

Our terms of engagement say that we will not exceed the estimate we gave you without discussing it with you first and obtaining your authority in writing. This letter is that discussion.

What has changed

When we accepted your instructions we estimated our charges at 3,600 pounds plus VAT. Our charges to date are 3,600 pounds plus VAT. We now expect the total to be in the region of 5,050 pounds plus VAT.

The reason is that your instructions have changed in a way that widens the work we agreed to do.

What we are asking

Please confirm in writing that you are content for us to continue on the revised basis. We will not carry out further chargeable work until you do, other than anything necessary to protect your position in the meantime.

Your alternatives

You are not obliged to agree. You may ask us to limit our work to a particular sum, you may ask us to stop, or you may take the matter elsewhere, and we will help you move the file. In each case you would owe us for work properly done up to that point.

Data protection

We will process your personal data in accordance with applicable data protection law and with our privacy notice, a copy of which is available on request. We will retain your file for six years following the conclusion of this matter, after which it may be destroyed without further notice to you.

If something goes wrong

We are committed to providing a high standard of service. If you are unhappy with any aspect of the service you receive, or with a bill, please raise it in the first instance with the supervising partner named in this letter, who will investigate and respond to you in writing. If we are unable to resolve your complaint, you may be entitled to refer it to the Legal Ombudsman. Harrow & Fenn Solicitors is authorised and regulated by the Solicitors Regulation Authority.

If anything in this letter is unclear, or if your circumstances have changed in a way we should know about, please telephone or write to the fee earner named below rather than waiting for our next letter.

Yours sincerely,

Tom Whitcombe
Associate
Harrow & Fenn Solicitors
